## outputs/archives

This folder contains files that are: (i) previous versions of our results, or (ii) visualizations and tables generated specifically for our results presentation or final report, but that were not generated as part of our main ML pipeline analysis.

Contents:

* **auc_roc.png**: AUC-ROC graph for the models with the best average AUC-ROC by classifier. This graph was included in our final report
* **features_importance**: list of features used sorted by their importance. The importance score was generated by the feature_importances_ attribute of the RandomForestClassifier object from sklearn. This list was the one presented as part of our additional materials submitted in the Final Project Report
* **prc_selected_model.png**: Precision-Recall curve graph for our final model. This graph was presented in our final report
* **precision_0.01.png**: precision at 1% graph for the models with the best average precision at 1% by classifier. This graph was included in our final report
* **precision_0.05.png**: precision at 5% graph for the models with the best average precision at 5% by classifier. This graph was included in our final report

All these files previously listed were included in the final report submissions. Nonetheless, there were produced manually and due to documentation and versioning errors we were not able to save the notebooks that produced them.

Rest of files:

* **block groups list - final.png**: Final list of recommended block groups to intervene, product of updating the results after random seeds were included in the classifiers parameters to ensure replicability. It was also stored in the archives folder to compare it with the initial block groups list. Both maps are identical
* **block groups list - first.png**: First list of recommended block groups to intervene. It was subsequently updated after random seeds were included in the classifiers parameters to ensure replicability of results
* **evaluation_table-10junv1.csv**: First evaluation table produced on June 10, the day our final results were achieved. We produced two results to compare them and check if they were replicable
* **one-feature_classifiers_May20.csv**: Restult of the feature importance exploratory analysis conducted for the project progress report. It was not included in the final results. This file was produced by the notebook "One-feature classifier exploration.ipynb" from notebooks/archives
